[Music]
right
Oh God hey pasa man he's just sorry just
you in that chair I think it would've
made a damn fine president you would
have brought a real dignity to the
office you're welcome America
welcome to Zombieland life is about more
than just survival we were a family
dysfunctional sure but what family isn't
very perfect what would you like little
girl I really like for you to stop
calling me little girl
but you know what I would like I don't
give a what you it felt so good to
be on the move again ohh oh my god I'm
so sorry
hi I'm Columbus nothing this is tell aha
see hey paul blart this your dad
Oh whoopsie I forgot the Z felt wrong oh
so she knows the rules I told her just a
few of her 7300 and are there more your
cute I will like it
my sister is coming she picked up the
boy he's from Berkeley Berkeley even
have weed Dave do I look like the type
of person that would have weed I'm sorry
hmm yeah have nothing against hippies I
just wanna beat the out of we're
gonna go get her
we ride at dawn start talking you first
[Music]
oh my apologies little Elvis is it me or
just to see kind of remind you of I
don't like you at all
I think you're double-parked one more
perpendicular parks hope we don't get it
is going on here
what hello everyone violas Nene
[Music]